[Facebook Custom Audiences (Actions)] Updates auth prerequisites (#7202)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/destinations/catalog/actions-facebook-custom-audiences/index.md

### Prerequisites
- A Reverse ETL source already set up. If you don't yet have a Reverse ETL source, follow the instructions in Segment's [Reverse ETL documentation](/docs/connections/reverse-etl/#getting-started). Segment recommends setting an [External ID](#sync-audience) as the primary key for your Reverse ETL model, as you'll need an External ID to remove users from your custom audiences. 
- A Facebook account with [ads_management](https://developers.facebook.com/docs/permissions#ads_management){:target="_blank”} permissions for the target Facebook Ad Account(s). The Facebook Ad Account(s) must also be associated with a [Facebook Business Account](https://www.facebook.com/business/help/407323696966570?id=649869995454285){:target="_blank”}.

> - Ensure that the user connecting to the destination via OAuth has at least an "Advertiser" or "Admin" role on the ad account. To manage permissions and roles for an ad account reference this [Facebook doc](https://www.facebook.com/business/help/186007118118684?id=829106167281625).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Ensure that the user connecting to the destination using OAuth has at least an *Advertiser* or *Admin* role on the ad account. To manage permissions and roles for an ad account, reference [Facebook's documentation](https://www.facebook.com/business/help/186007118118684?id=829106167281625){:target="_blank"}.
```
